Week of Jan 22
  Ensured all code still works and can connect to server. Combined all code. Working on bug fixes and with reading from Firebase.
Week of Jan 29
  Adding code to check for updates from phone app that will interrupt the G-code reading process, execute the command, then resume or cancel the print.
Week of Feb 5
  Still working on Firebase code to prepare for phone app and MCU integration. Updating pins for communication to all component wires.
Week of Feb 12
  Ready for validation with phone app and MCU integration. Waiting to integrate with electrical systems to finish code migration.
Week of Feb 19
  Ready to test stepper motor rotation to calculate mm per steps/microsteps.
Week of Feb 26
  Began intergration with electrical systems. Fans working as intended. Fixing problems in communicating to other components.
Week of Mar 5
  Fixing problems in writing updates to Firebase of changing values in realtime. Got heated bed and hotend to heat up but won't stay at desired temperature. Figuring out why stepper motors not moving for full revolutions.
Week of Mar 12 and Mar 19
  Still having problems with heated components. Tried multiple different configurations of code and in/ouput requirements for pins. Got stepper motors to move. Still need to find correct steps per mm.
Week of Mar 26
  Finally figured out the correct code for calculating adc values from the heated bed thermistor. Heated bed now operating as intended. Eye-balled the full revolution of stepper motors and found steps per mm for the axis motors.
Week of Apr 2
  Working on combining separate sketches into one full program. Limit switches are not outputting correctly from the board and the wrong pins for reading in ADC values for the hotend are wrong.
Week of Apr 9
  The MCU pins selected for reading in values for the hotend were corrected. All 3D printer components are controllable by user through app/server. Working on reading G-code from Firebase. Limitations with HTTP get request and MCU storage.
Week of Apr 16
  Limit switches on board have been fixed, MCU and electrical system integration validated. Combined all sketches into one program. MCU and app integration validated. 3D printer can send and receive all required information to app and board. G-code is being read and executed through nodes in Firebase.
Week of Apr 23
  Confirmed MCU parses all incoming data properly and correct components and nodes in Firebase are being updated as intended. User has full control over 3D printer. Controlled, G-code reading outputs intended values. Problem with printer not executing running G-code as coded. Problem unsolved.
