Jan 23rd to 29th
I was having issue with my TMC-2130 schematic on altium. It was messing up my 35 and 36 pins renaming them and remapping them which was causing issues.
I was able to correct the issues recieved Dr. Lusher approval to have the designs sent off and be printed off. The orders shall ship on the 30th and the 31st according
to Advanced PCB. I will order the required parts begining of next week so they should arrive before the PCBs.

Jan 30th to Feb 5th
I have collected the parts needed for the new PCB and have requested approval for the orders. The parts have been ordered. Due to the ice storm that occured last week in
Texas, my PCBs and part orders have been delayed and are arriving next week. One Order did arrive Friday late in the afternoon.

Feb 6th to 12th
Parts were all recieved Tuesday and started soldering on Wednesday. I completed the soldering of the Control board on Thursday and have approxamately 90% of the Stepper
Motor Control Board complete. Plan is to still have the boards validated by February 15tg and ready for for intergration.

Feb 13th to 19th
PCBs have been completely soldered and started to validating both boards. Ran into issue with the MOSFET switching with an input voltage and over the weekend but unable
to get it working. I also had an issue with the axis driver getting 5Vs on a pin in the Axis driver/Main Controller board connector that shouldnt be getting the voltage.
I worked on both problems over the weekend without any success and will talk to Dr. Lusher on Monday for advice.

Feb 20th to 26th
Talking to Dr. Lusher Monday morning, discovered I was using to low of a voltage for my MOSFETs so will try testing them at 3.3V. He also recommended grounding the pin
thats getting the 5V with a 1k ohm resistor to see if there is an internal switch that isnt closing since the pin is free floating. On Wednesday I was able to validate
all the drivers except the X-axis driver. Come to find out that the original TMC-2130 chip was burnt out and the I tried using one off my old board from 403 but the 
VCC_IO pin was getting 3.3V but wasnt turning on the chip as required. I ordered 3 more chips and they arrived on Friday but didn't have time to solder them.

Feb 27th to Mar 5th
I was able to solder the new chip onto the board and validate the X-driver which completed the validation of the electronic components of the project. I then installed 
the boards onto the PCB and created the wire bundles that go between the two boards. We started intergration testing with testing a code that turns fan 1 and 2 off then
on for ten seconds and then off and just repeats the process. I also started thinking about the PCB case but want to wait and see how the printers jdifferent axis moving
will effect the cable before starting a physical design.

Mar 6th to 19th
Continued assisting with MCU integration with PCB boards. Currently able to turn fans on/off, and can send power to turn on Hotend and Heated bed but unable to get the 
thermistors working at the moment. We have calculated the A, B, and C constants for the Steinhart-Hart equation. We know that the ADC value is 12 bit and have an idea of
what the bits being red via the thermistor input on the MCU but we are coming up with the incorrect value.

Mar 20th to 26th
Continued to assist with trouble shooting and coding of thermistors. Both circuits are designed the same for us to read the voltage across the termistor as a voltage
divider with the thermistor being R1 and the constant 10k resistor as R2. Heated bed is reading the voltage as though its R2 while the Hotend is reading the voltage off
R1 as suspected. Also discovered I had designed the end switches incorrectly, but have a work around that I am going to run past Prof Lusher to see if it is appropriate

Mar 27th to Apr 2
We corrected the formula for the heated bed and is now working correctly. Was cutting the steel for the PCB case when there was a small hiccup with the tools, but they
have been fixed and should be completed this week.

Apr 3rd to 9th
Worked on the base plate, test fitted it and need to take a little more material from the sides. Figured out the issue with the thermisters and the switches as well.
The read in wire wasnt connected to an ADC pin which I didn't know was required. I was able to fix the thermister wire with a jumper wire on the board and now it works.

Apr 10th to 16th
I was able to get the mounting holes drilled for the base plate and the base plate painted. Ran jumper wires from the ADC pins on the MCU to the switch grounds and 
isolated the ground pins from the ground plane.

Apr 17th to 23rd
The base plate is mounted and the switches are working as expected. The poster board for showcase is halfway done and the printer is almost working as expected.
